Well ... Hello :)
this should give you a little starting point in my s3d project.

1.REASONS
---------

There are several reasons for this project, one of the most influencing
ones is boredem. i'm bored and blessed with too much time, and my gpu is bored
as well with all this computing power which remains unused on common
desktops.

I think a 3d desktop would/could be a very interesting thing (when it works :),
since it gives so many new possibility's in GUI design (or possibilitys in 
confusing users, depends on readers view). 
there are/were other projects like 3dwm which died somehow (3dwm.org is not 
accessable, for me), and I did not understand it's system thou ... looking 
glass from sun seems to be very interesting too, but I haven't tried it out 
yet ... so my ignorance and stupidity were reasons for this project as well :)

2.INSTALL
---------

$ ./configure
$ make
$ make install 

in the root directory will compile server, client-lib and the examples
for you. you might want to change server/config.h before compiling thou ...
there is not too much to configure yet anyways :)

after that, go

$ cd server
$ ./s3d

fire up the server. if you're lucky, a window appears.now the s3d is listening 
on port 6066. 
now it's time to test some things. on another terminal:

$ cd examples
$ ./3dsloader miu3ds/miu.3ds

now there should appear a rotating cat. you can move with with the middle 
mouse-button pushed.
now you can try the MCP, which is something like a windowmanager in X:

$ cd examples
$ ./dot_mcp

now you should get some fancy window decorations :D
there are a few other examples, just play around

3. WARRANTY
-----------

I've written this program to satisfy myself (in some way), so please don't
assume that it could have ANY USEFULNESS. I just published it because I 
thought someone might find it interesting, but there is no warranty for
anything. if you find bugs or you have ideas what you would like to see
implemented, or patches, please drop me a line.

4. LICENSE
----------

All those things are published under the GPLv2 or later at your option. 
The Library is licensed under the GNU Lesser GPL (LGPL), so you can 
also write close-sourced thing which links to the library (if you 
really have to ...).
if I'm mistaken in any ownership-concerns, please tell me and don't be 
too mad at me, as I have had no idea of licensing at all.

5. DOCUMENTATION
----------------

please see the "Documentation" folder

6. CONTACT
----------

MAIL: 	dotslash@packetmixer.de
IRC: 	#s3d @ irc.freenode.org

Any Feedback is welcome!!
